Update release notes to include link to allow list and fix missing word (#1708)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.12/release-notes.md

- Operators can now authenticate to Sensu via OpenID Direct Connect (OIDC) using sensuctl, see our [authentication documentation][17] for details.
- Added sensu-agent and sensuctl binary builds for FreeBSD.
- Added sensuctl dump command to output resources to a file or STDOUT, making it easier to backup your Sensu backends.

> - Agents can now be configured with a list of executables which check and check hook commands are allowed to run. See the [agent reference][78] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Agents can now be configured with a whitelist of executables which are allowed to run as check and hook commands. See the [agent reference][78] for more information.
```
